Complete message (#35)
decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging: connections.md

- unknown processing error## 3. Exchange Acknowledgement

## 3. Exchange Complete

> The exchange complete message is used to confirm the exchange to the _inviter_.  This message is required in the flow, as it marks the exchange complete. The _inviter_ may then invoke any protocols desired based on the context expressed via the `pthid` in the DID Exchange protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exchange complete message is used to confirm the exchange to the _inviter_. The _inviter_ may then invoke any protocols desired based on the context expressed via the `pthid` in the DID Exchange protocol.
```

Removed because the invitee may instead send the `reuse` message.

#### Example

```json
{
  "@type": "https://didcomm.org/didexchange/1.0/complete",
  "@id": "12345678900987654321",
  "~thread": {
    "thid": "<The Thread ID is the Message ID (@id) of the first message in the thread>",

>     "pthid": "<The Parent Thread ID of the Out Of Band Invitation>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "pthid": "<The ID of the Out Of Band Invitation message>"
```
